welcome to the man of recaps this is The
Handmaid's Tale season 1 this show
features strong disturbing sexual
content throughout so if you don't want
to be part of that go away now
June is a hand-made although she's not
named June anymore she's called Offred
which is of Fred her commanders name
because she's basically his property
once a month she is forced to have sex
with her commander as part of the
ceremony so she can have kids for him
and his wife apparently this is loosely
based on some Bible verse where a man
impregnates his wife's handmaid because
she can't have kids and infertility is
what started this whole mess in the near
future
birth rates dropped dramatically for
unknown reasons the world goes crazy and
a fanatical religious group rises to
power things got bad little by little
until one day it was too late to stop it
so now America has become the Republic
of Gilead a fanatical Christian
dictatorship where people walk around in
old-timey bonnets but also they string
up heretics on the wall it's a bad place
June almost escaped with her husband
Luke and daughter Hannah but they didn't
quite make it all the fertile women were
rounded up and trained to be handmaids
in the red centers this one Janine was
like screw you guys but aunt Lydia is
not having any of that first defense was
cutting out an eye there was no second
defense so as a fertile woman June has
to serve as a handmaid all women have
lost their rights in the society most of
them work now as servants called
Martha's because they're all named
Martha the commander's driver Nick seems
like a nice guy but you can't trust
anyone here anyone could be working for
the eyes the secret police that if they
take you you're never seen again
and maids always walk in pairs offers
partner is of Glen but The Handmaid's
can't even trust each other all their
conversations go hey nice weather we're
having praise be one day The Handmaid's
are all summoned for something this guy
was convicted of laying with a hand made
unlawfully so they were all summoned to
beat him to death afterwards June's
partner of Glen is like hey girl I'm
gonna open up to you and be like yeah
this place sucks
I missed the real world and frozen
yogurt and stuff her real name's Emily
and turns out she's part of the
resistance she's like hey your commander
waterford is pretty high up see if you
can find out anything conveniently that
night he summons june to his study he
wants to play Scrabble with her that is
very illegal girls cannot read or write
but he's like hey I'm a commander we can
have some fun if we want they have a
pretty nice time so things are looking
up for June she's met the resistance
getting in with her
Mandor but her partner Emily has been
replaced it's like hey what happened to
off Glen I am off Glen now turns out
Emily is a gender trader an awful phrase
for gay the punishment for that is
immediate hanging unless of course
you're fertile in which case you're
shipped to a new commander to be
impregnated speaking of mrs. Waterford
really wants a baby of her own yes that
is the girl from Chuck and she's amazing
in this show a very complex character
she's nice to June when she thinks she's
pregnant but when June reveals she had
her period she grabs her and locks her
in a room for two weeks while laying in
her closet June finds a message from the
previous handmaid a Latin phrase that
means don't let him grind you down it
may come up later so mrs. Waterford
really wants a baby and she's like hey
this is super illegal to even think
about but my husband might be infertile
we need to try to impregnate you with
some other guy so she brings her to the
driver Nick and it's like okay you two
get busy and either of them can really
say no so they have super awkward sex
later June runs and Emily again and I
can't even say what they did to her the
show has awful so when she sees an open
car she jumps in and makes her escape
unfortunately she doesn't get very far
and is captured this time probably for
good but her act of defiance inspired
June she's like hey Nick you're a nice
guy in kind of hot I'm taking ownership
back of my body
let's have sex because we want to and
boy do they ever it is a passionate long
sex scene in fact at the start of the
next episode it's still goin Nick's got
some serious stamina he was just a
normal guy looking for a job ended up
driving around the Gili at high ups
before the revolution and he is actually
working for the eyes but Nick's no true
believer he's just doing what he has to
do to survive he's certainly not gonna
turn in June cuz he's starting to fall
in love with her now one day a trade
delegation from Mexico shows up the
Ambassador is a woman who's like hey we
don't get a lot of information in the
outside world what's it like being a
handmade June's like oh my god is so
amazing I love it she can't say anything
else her commander's right there and we
learned a little more here about Serena
Waterford she and Fred were together
before in fact Serena was a big
proponent of gilead at least at the
beginning because unfortunately the
movement became a lot more about
oppressing women so Serena was totally
shut out of decision-making and the book
she wrote that helped create Gilead is
now illegal for her to read by a stroke
of luck
June gets a moment alone with the
Mexican ambassador and spills the beans
about how awful Gilead is but the
ambassadors
like yeah kind of figured but there's
nothing I can do sorry
her assistant though has a message for
June her husband Luke is still alive
when they were escaping Luke stayed
behind to hold him off that didn't last
long they were bringing him in for
questioning when Ojo ambulance crash
Luke survived because he was strapped in
and long story short made it to Canada
meanwhile June continues to play
Scrabble with the commander and they
start to get pretty casual maybe he's
actually a good guy but no it becomes
apparent that being nice to her is just
some sort of power trip for him for fun
one day he dresses her up fancy and
takes her to a secret nightclub
Jezebel's it's an unspoken high-end
brothel for commanders and other
powerful men but who does June see
working there her best friend Maire June
hasn't seen her since they tried to
escape in red centre together
Maire made it onto the train but June
unfortunately got picked up so it was
like go girl be free and Maire got out
of there but unfortunately she was also
caught and given the option to work here
where she's still a sex slave but at
least there's booze another handmaid
grabs June and is like hey I'm with the
resistance - there's a package at the
bar in Jezebel's we need you to go back
there and get it for us
so June has to pretend she really
enjoyed herself and wants to go back
there unfortunately he skips the bar
this time but June does get to talk to
Maire it's like hey you need to pick up
the package Maire had lost all hope
but seeing June again revitalizes her so
she sneaks the package out and makes a
toilet bowl shank and escapes there gets
to Canada
yeah Canada so what was in that package
is it a bomb or something no it's just a
stack of letters they're letters written
by women all over Gilly at explaining
how terrible things are and if these got
out it could be a big deal around this
time though mrs. Waterford is pissed she
found out her husband's been going
around with the hand maid their previous
handmaid hung herself cuz apparently the
commander was doing the same type of
thing she's like you better be pregnant
Tori her out of this house
luckily she is pregnant Congrats at
least the father is NIC who she does
really care about mrs. Waterford takes
Jeunet to show her her daughter Hannah
she's been placed with a new family and
June is never allowed to see her this
was a threat Serena's like as long as my
child safe your child safe speaking of
babies Janine gets to stick around her
house to breastfeed her daughter but
after a while she has to give her up and
move to a new posting Janine's having
none of that she grabs her baby and
threatens to jump off of
Brij turns out she did all sorts of
sexual things for her commander because
he promised he loved her and they would
be a family she manages to talk her down
it's like hey think your baby she's like
actually you're right you hold the baby
I'm piecing out oh she jumps off the
bridge would rather kill herself than
survive in this world but the bridge
wasn't tall enough she survives her
commanders taken in because sex with
your handmaid outside of the ceremony is
technically illegal
commander waterford it's like hey come
on guys we all do it let's give him a
slap on the wrist and get out of here
but the guy in charge commander price is
very serious he's like now not a slap on
the wrist we're gonna actually cut his
hand off so commander waterfords not as
invincible as he thinks for endangering
a baby Geneva's sentenced to death by
stoning
but June's like you know what enough of
this I'm gonna drop my stone Oh act of
defiance sorry aunt Lydia and that gets
all the other hand maids to join in
that's right the girls are sticking
together it's a triumphant end to the
season except the next morning June is
under arrest
and that's how season 1 comes to an end
[Music]